[Autocomplete] Configurable results (#2541)
symfony/ux: src/Autocomplete/CHANGELOG.md

-   Deprecate `ExtraLazyChoiceLoader` in favor of `Symfony\Component\Form\ChoiceList\Loader\LazyChoiceLoader`
-   Reset TomSelect when updating url attribute #1505

> -   Add a `getAttributes()` method to define extra attributes to add to the autocomplete result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add `getAttributes()` method to define additional attributes for autocomplete results #2541
```

> -   Let the EntityAutocompleter drive results creation, so that extra options may be exposed for tom-select to use them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Add ``getAttributes()`` method to define...
```

Let's be factual on what it _does_  instead on the why here.
